Document new defaults in clustering formation settings (#1818)
lagom/lagom: docs/manual/java/releases/Migration15.md

}
```

## Service Discovery

When opting in to Akka Cluster Bootstrapping as a mechanism for Cluster formation you will have to setup a [[Service Discovery|Cluster#Akka-Discovery]]  method for nodes to locate each other.

## Production Settings

New defaults have been added to the Lagom clustering configuration. 

> The first deafult configuration concerns how long a node should try to join an cluster. This is configured by the setting `akka.cluster.shutdown-after-unsuccessful-join-seed-nodes`. This is an existing Akka Cluster setting that is by default set to `off`, but Lagom will redefine it to 60 seconds. After that period, the Actor System will shutdown if it fails to join a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first default configuration concerns how long a node should try to join a cluster. This is configured by the setting `akka.cluster.shutdown-after-unsuccessful-join-seed-nodes`. This is an existing Akka Cluster setting that is by default set to `off`, but Lagom redefines it to 60 seconds. After that period, the Actor System will shutdown if it fails to join a cluster.
```

> The first deafult configuration concerns how long a node should try to join an cluster. This is configured by the setting `akka.cluster.shutdown-after-unsuccessful-join-seed-nodes`. This is an existing Akka Cluster setting that is by default set to `off`, but Lagom will redefine it to 60 seconds. After that period, the Actor System will shutdown if it fails to join a cluster.

Reviewer 2: I find this sentence confusing: `This is an existing Akka Cluster setting that is by default set to `off`, but Lagom will redefine it to 60 seconds.``

Instead, I think we should only mention the default value in Lagom:

`Lagom will default this value to 60 seconds.`

I'm not entirely sure, but is this value too low in the case of big clusters? If so, I'd mention how this value and the cluster size are correlated.

Author: I don't think the value is low for big clusters. To my understanding, the timeout can only quick in when it starts the joining process. Before that phase, it is discovering the seed-nodes.  

The discovering phase can indeed take some time because it must respect the number of minimal seed-nodes and the size of the cluster will, of course, affect it.

> The second important change is the default value for `lagom.cluster.exit-jvm-when-system-terminated`. This was previously `off`, but we always recommended it to be `on`  in production environments. As of Lagom 1.5.0, that setting defaults to `on`. When enabled, Lagom will exit the JVM when the application leave the cluster or fail to join the cluster. In Dev and Test mode, this setting is automatically set to `off`.

Reviewer 3: There is an extra space after `on` in `always recommended it to be `on`  in production`

Reviewer 2: Hi @aldenml, thanks for the reviews!

Quick tip: github supports making suggestions. Use the icon:

![Screen Shot 2019-03-22 at 09 32 43](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/762126/54810093-793e5400-4c85-11e9-8aa8-fe67c52966dd.png)

and make the edit. Suggestions are limited to one-line changes but are very helpful and speed up the process a lot.

Reviewer 3: thanks for the tip!

> The second important change is the default value for settings key `lagom.cluster.exit-jvm-when-system-terminated`. This was previously `off`, but we always recommended it to be `on`  in production environments. As of Lagom 1.5.0, that setting defaults to `on`. When enabled, Lagom will exit the JVM when the application leave the cluster or fail to join the cluster. In Dev and Test mode, this setting is automatically set to `off`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second important change is the default value for `lagom.cluster.exit-jvm-when-system-terminated`. This was previously `off`, but we always recommended it to be `on`  in production environments. As of Lagom 1.5.0, that setting defaults to `on`. When enabled, Lagom will exit the JVM when the application leaves the cluster or fail to join the cluster. In Dev and Test mode, this setting is automatically set to `off`.
```

> The second important change is the default value for settings key `lagom.cluster.exit-jvm-when-system-terminated`. This was previously `off`, but we always recommended it to be `on`  in production environments. As of Lagom 1.5.0, that setting defaults to `on`. When enabled, Lagom will exit the JVM when the application leave the cluster or fail to join the cluster. In Dev and Test mode, this setting is automatically set to `off`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The second important change is the default value for `lagom.cluster.exit-jvm-when-system-terminated`.  This was previously `off`, but we always recommended it to be `on` in production environments.  As of Lagom 1.5.0, that setting defaults to `on`.  When enabled, Lagom will exit the JVM when the application leaves the cluster or fails to join the cluster. In Dev and Test modes, this setting is automatically set to `off`.
```

> These two properties together are very important for recovering applications in production environments like Kubernetes. Without them, a Lagom node could reach a zombie state in which it wouldn't provide any functionality but stay around consuming resources. The desired behavior for a node that is not participating on a cluster is to shut itsefl down and let the orchestration infrastructure re-start it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two properties together are essential for recovering applications in production environments like Kubernetes. Without them, a Lagom node could reach a zombie state in which it wouldn't provide any functionality but stay around consuming resources. The desired behavior for a node that is not participating on a cluster is to shut itself down and let the orchestration infrastructure re-start it.
```

> These two properties together are very important for recovering applications in production environments like Kubernetes. Without them, a Lagom node could reach a zombie state in which it wouldn't provide any functionality but stay around consuming resources. The desired behavior for a node that is not participating on a cluster is to shut itsefl down and let the orchestration infrastructure re-start it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These two properties together are very important for recovering applications in production environments like Kubernetes. Without them, a Lagom node could reach a zombie state in which it wouldn't provide any functionality but stay around consuming resources. The desired behavior for a node that is not participating on a cluster is to shut itself down and let the orchestration infrastructure re-start it.
```

Reviewer 2: Silly typo.

Reviewer 2: This is still pending in both writeups

Author: @ignasi35, that's fixed now

Reviewer 2: I think there is a misunderstanding. There is a typo in the word `itsefl` (instead of `itself`). This typo exists in the two commits ( fb8debb and a05dd48 ) of the PR.

Author: The commits on this PR are: fb8debb4b3aa1e83a23294c63bee77c99102f6fc and e579655c9e3acab8c505afadebcebcace69e642a.

a05dd48aaa0bef38117b73edc6a0d46a2f827d44 is gone on a `git push --force`
